How many South Americans does it take to change a lightbulb? A Brazilian
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
A police officer caught two kids playing with a firework and a car battery. He charged one and let the other one off.
I went to a Foo Fighters Concert once... It was Everlong...
Some people eat light bulbs. They say it's a nice light snack.
I cut my finger chopping cheese, but I think that I may have grater problems.
What do you get hanging from Apple trees? Sore arms.
Last night me and my girlfriend watched three DVDs back to back. Luckily I was the one facing the TV.
I got a reversible jacket for Christmas, I can't wait to see how it turns out.
My pet mouse 'Elvis' died last night. He was caught in a trap..
Never take advice from electrons. They are always negative.
What did the beaver say to the tree? It's been nice gnawing you.
What did the late tomato say to the early tomato? I’ll ketch up
I have kleptomania, but when it gets bad, I take something for it.
I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.
I made a belt out of watches once... It was a waist of time.
This furniture store keeps emailing me, all I wanted was one night stand!
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?  Look for fresh prints.
I just read a book about Stockholm syndrome. It was pretty bad at first, but by the end I liked it.
Why do trees seem suspicious on sunny days? Dunno, they're just a bit shady.
If at first you don't succeed, sky diving is not for you!
A book just fell on my head. I only have my shelf to blame.
What did the dog say to the two trees? Bark bark.
Why can't your nose be 12 inches long? Because then it'd be a foot!
Have you ever heard of a music group called Cellophane? They mostly wrap.
What did the mountain climber name his son? Cliff.
Whiteboards ... are remarkable.
What’s Forest Gump’s Facebook password? 1forest1
Whenever the cashier at the grocery store asks my dad if he would like the milk in a bag he replies, ‘No, just leave it in the carton!’
I used to be addicted to the hokey pokey, but I turned myself around.
I'm tired of following my dreams. I'm just going to ask them where they are going and meet up with them later.
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He's all right now.
Why didn’t the skeleton cross the road? Because he had no guts.
What did one nut say as he chased another nut?  I'm a cashew!
I knew I shouldn't steal a mixer from work, but it was a whisk I was willing to take.
How come the stadium got hot after the game? Because all of the fans left.
A steak pun is a rare medium well done.
Why did the tomato blush? Because it saw the salad dressing.
Did you hear the joke about the wandering nun? She was a roman catholic.
I'll tell you what often gets over looked... garden fences.
Why do birds fly south for the winter? Because it's too far to walk.
What is a centipedes's favorite Beatle song?  I want to hold your hand, hand, hand, hand...
My first time using an elevator was an uplifting experience. The second time let me down.
To be Frank, I'd have to change my name.
Slept like a log last night … woke up in the fireplace.
Why does a Moon-rock taste better than an Earth-rock? Because it's a little meteor.
I thought my wife was joking when she said she'd leave me if I didn't stop signing "I'm A Believer"... Then I saw her face.
What do you call two barracuda fish?  A Pairacuda!
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands.
What do you do on a remote island? Try and find the TV island it belongs to.
Did you know that protons have mass? I didn't even know they were catholic.
Dad I’m hungry’ … ‘Hi hungry I’m dad
I was fired from the keyboard factory yesterday.  I wasn't putting in enough shifts.
Whoever invented the knock-knock joke should get a no bell prize.
Wife: Honey I’m pregnant.

Me: Well…. what do we do now?

Wife: Well, I guess we should go to a baby doctor.

Me: Hm.. I think I’d be a lot more comfortable going to an adult doctor.
Do I enjoy making courthouse puns? Guilty
Why couldn't the kid see the pirate movie? Because it was rated arrr!
Man, I really love my furniture... me and my recliner go way back.
What did the traffic light say to the car as it passed? "Don't look I'm changing!"
Conjunctivitis.com – now that’s a site for sore eyes.
